#summary Comments for the Terma case requirements

= Requirements =

== Functional requirements ==

=== UR-1 The pod shall include a minimum of eight standard magazines. ===
 * AHP: The word minimum is not suitable for a requirement specification. A better wording is to split it into two requirements, one indicating that it SHALL include 8, and another that indicates that the system should be designed to facilitate extention with more magazines (SHOULD).

=== UR-2 The pod shall be able to dispense forwards, downwards and sideways. ===
 * Lars: Forwards – won’t there be a danger for the  combat fighter flies into the chaffs and flares? Why not backwards will the missile not often come from the back?

=== UR-3 Introduction of the system may not compromise the operation of the current weapon systems. ===

=== UR-5 Threats shall be transmitted to the aircraft mission computer in body frame format (relative to aircraft) for displaying purposes. ===

=== UR-6 The system shall provide the aircraft mission computer with status information and built in test results. ===

=== UR-7 The system shall interface the aircraft intercom system to provide audio cues and warnings. ===

=== UR-8 The system shall include a hardware implemented safety interlock to prevent dispensing on ground. ===
 * Is this a discrete we can get from the system? Is it a message on the system data bus? Or must it be implemented on the dispenser itself? Is it allowed to be a discrete, or should there (also) be a physical HW "pin" (like in a grenade) that must be removed before flight - I know that in real life such a "pin" exists

=== UR-9 The system shall be able to erase sensitive data upon input from a discrete zeroize signal from aircraft. ===

=== UR-10 The system status on individual LRU level shall be provided by cockpit unit. ===
 * Lars: What is the meaning of LRU level?

=== UR-11 The cockpit unit shall be able to control power of dispensing system and MWS. ===

=== UR-12 The system shall comprise at least three modes, manual, semi automatic and automatic. ===

=== UR-13 Manual mode shall dispense the program selected by the pilot. ===

=== UR-14 Semi automatic shall initiate an intelligent threat response upon consent from the pilot. ===
 * Lars: Initiate an intelligent threat response – this is not a definition that can be tested with only one result and it will depnd on the the persons that test it. Can be changed to a special test sequence that gives an feedback that shall be like the test specifies.

=== UR-15 Automatic mode shall initiate an intelligent threat response without pilot interaction. ===
 * Lars: Initiate an intelligent threat response – this is not a definition that can be tested with only one result and it will depnd on the the persons that test it. Can be changed to a special test sequence that gives an feedback that shall be like the test specifies.

=== UR-16 The system shall provide a method of loading software to MWS. ===
 * Lars: How is it possible to communicate and in this way loading SW to the MWS?

== Performance requirements ==

=== UR-20 The system shall be able to dispense a minimum of two payloads simultaneously. ===

=== UR-21 The system shall be able to dispense an intelligent pattern of payloads programmable by customer. ===
 * Lars: "an intelligent pattern of payloads" is not testable, could be changed to “a pattern of payload programmable by customer.

=== UR-22 The system shall provide the optimal coverage against missile threats. Environmental requirements ===
 * AHP: The word optimal is untestable and must be quantified
 * Lars: Shall provide the optimal coverage against missile threats  - optimal coverage is not measurable and the main component for spotting the missiles are the MWS system which we just shall install we can not make that work better or worse.

=== UR-30 The pod structure shall remain intact when exposed to steady state acceleration levels of 5g fore 2.5 aft, 25g up, 11 down. ===
 * Lars: Specify a steady state acceleration level of 5g fore 2.5aft, 25g up and 11g down, but under Missile Warning System is stated that the MWS is only qualified to 4g fore 2.5aft, 22g up and 10g down. A test of an assembled system can then not be done above 4g, 22g and 10g.
 * Lars: what are meant with "fore" and "aft"
 * Kenneth: My guess is that fore and aft refer to the hooks where the pod is attached to the aircraft; one in front (fore) and one in the rear (aft)
 * Kaj: 5g is the accelleration forward (in the flight direction of the aeroplane - positive when starting) 2.5g is the deccelleration in the flight direction of the aeroplane - positive when breaking for landing. There seems to be a mess in the description of the test(a number presumably the aft accelleration is missing).
 * Lars: Specify a steady state acceleration level of 5g fore 2.5aft, 25g up and 11g down, but under "Precoditions -> Missile Warning System" is stated that the MWS is only qualified to 4g fore 2.5aft, 22g up and 10g down. A test of an assembled system can then not be done above 4g, 22g and 10g.

=== UR-31 The total weight of pod cannot exceed 270 kg. ===
 * Bad grammar "Cannot exceed 270kg" – they probably want to say that the total weigth shall be maximum 270kg.

=== UR-32 The pod shall be operational at temperatures of 95°C on outer skin and 102°C on leading edge for 25 minutes. ===
 * Lars: What is the normal temperature level of the POD? If the level are so high that the temperature level that the MWS see after UR 32 or UR 33 are above 70°C then additional climate control must be added.

=== UR-33 The pod shall be operational at temperatures of 134°C on outer skin and 151°C on leading edge for 3 minutes. ===
 * Lars: What is the normal temperature level of the POD? If the level are so high that the temperature level that the MWS see after UR 32 or UR 33 are above 70°C then additional climate control must be added.

== Interface requirements ==

=== UR-40 The cockpit unit shall communicate with the MWS via a MIL_STD-1553-B data bus. ===

=== UR-41 The cockpit unit shall communicate with the mission computer via a MIL-STD-1553-B data bus. ===

=== UR-42 The pod shall be mounted on the aircraft wing with standard T-hooks spaced by 13 inches. ===

=== UR-43 The power consumption of the pod shall not exceed 700W ===

=== UR-4 The pod shall be mounted on the left-hand wing. ===
 * Lars: Left hand wing is that left hand for a pilot sitting in the aircraft?

= Preconditions =

== Power ==

Your company has access to a qualified Power Conversion Unit, converting 115VAC 400Hz to 28VDC. The PCU can output a maximum of 250W. The PCU weighs 25 kg.

 * Lars: Has access to, do that mean we can by or can produce our own PCU and this will and shall be placed in the POD?
 * AHP: There is no indication of the efficiency of the PCU.

== Missile Warning System ==

The MWS consists of six sensor units and one Electronics Control Unit (ECU)
The ECU will provide threat information in inertial format. Direction of the threat is relative to north.
The MWS must receive navigation data from the aircraft mission computer with a minimum latency. Navigation data includes aircraft attitude, heading, altitude and GPS data.
The MWS is qualified to the following steady state acceleration levels 4g fore 2.5 aft, 22g up, 10 down.
The MWS requires a maximum of 85W from 28VDC and a maximum of 100W from 115VAC 400Hz
The MWS including ECU and six sensors weighs 18,2 kg.
The MWS operating maximum temperature is 70°C.

 * Lars: MWS output shall be converted from absolute north to relative to the combat aircraft.
 * Lars: Receive navigation data with minimum latency – if not specified better we can not guarantee prober function. 

== Provided interfaces ==

The cockpit unit is provided with sufficient 28 VDC power.
Various aircraft discrete signals can be routed to cockpit unit, to be discussed.
Wiring in wing available to pod: 6 discrete wires, shielded wires suitable for data bus, 115VAC 400Hz power.

 * Lars: Discrete signals does that include a "ON GROUND" signal?

== Pod ==

The pod structure, and if necessary, additional climate control must be purchased at sub supplier.

== Dispensing ==

The power required to ignite a payload is up to 126W for a period of up to 20ms. The Digital Sequencer Switches (DSS) run on 28 VDC and each consumes 3W for operating power plus the power required to ignite the payloads. Each DSS can control 2 magazines.

 * AHP: We can only fire one Dispenser at a time (20ms intervals) - is that acceptable? (see subversion or [SystemDesign])