#summary Main WikiPage for the IHA System Engineering course Company F

= Introduction =

This page is the main starting point of the Company F wiki. Please follow the link below to read details about the project status.

On this page can also be found the overall activities that is happening right now.

= Documentation formats =

 * Text documents should be in Microsoft Word 2007
 * Visio drawings should be accompanied with a .jpg file for non-visio users.
 * Microsoft Projects files should be accompanied by a .pdf file for non-projects users. 

= Terma case =

The case requirements from Terma A/S must be turned into an SRS. In the following document may be read the comments we have to the case.

[CaseComments]

== Case questions for 17/9-10 ==

While working with the case some questions have arisen and these have been formulated in the below document and sent to Terma for answering prior to the meeting on 17/9-10.

[CaseQuestions]

= System Requirements Specifications =

The system requirements specification can be found in its different versions in Subversion.

= Ongoing activities =

 # Reading of cases and curriculum. 
 # Add comments to Terma case requirements on [CaseComments]
 # Formulate questions for Terma

= Completed activities =

 # Create first draft system drawing from requirements (see subversion or [SystemDesign])
 # Create Wiki structure

= Meetings =

 * [Meeting1 Phone meeting 11/10-09]
 * [Meeting2 Pre-Terma meeting at IHA 17/10-09]

= Email communication =

There may be some latency on this item, as the emails are copied in manually after a given email session have ended.

 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/300810_Company%20F_SysEng.pdf 30/08-10: Exchanging emails]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/030910_CompanyFmedlemmer.pdf 03/09-10: Company creation]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/040910_CompanyFcase.pdf 04/09-10: Which case do Company F have?]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/050910TheuseofWIkiforCompanyF.pdf 05/09-10: Creating Wiki]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/050910_SV.pdf 05/09-10: Wiki problems]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/060910_CompanyFProjectplanudkast.pdf 06/09-10: Project plan]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/080910_GennemgangafTERMAcase.pdf: 08/09-10: Terma case work]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/100910_Jegermedpaamoedealligevel.pdf 10/09-10: Phone meeting setup]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/110910_ForslagtildagsordenformoedeIDAG.pdf 11/09-10: Agenda for phone meeting]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/110910_Moedereferat.pdf 11/09-10: Minutes of the meeting]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/110910_SpoergsmaaltilindholdafSRR.pdf 11/09-10: Questions for SRR content]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/120910_FWSpoergsmaaltilspilleregler.pdf 12/09-10: Questions for the houres in advance questions handin]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/130910_Moedefredag.pdf 13/09-10: Logistics for meeting friday]
 * [http://syseng.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/email/140910_plsconsiderIsthisrellevantforquestioningTerma.pdf 14/09-10: Questions for Terma]